This contract is concluded AGREEMENT No. ON THE PROVISION OF SERVICES (1) CUSTOMER: on the basis of the Charter, in the person of the director of one party, and 2017 in the city of Odesa between: valid on , valid on the basis of the Charter, with (2) PERFORMER: Natural person - entrepreneur Tymchuk Anton Serhiyovych, who is a payer of the single tax at the rate of 5% (group 3), and acts in his own name as a subject of entrepreneurial activity, as evidenced by an entry in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities and Individual Entrepreneurs dated August 11, 2014 No. 2 200 000 0000 004321, on the other hand, the Parties named below have entered into this agreement (hereinafter - the Agreement) on the following: 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS 1.1. In accordance with the procedure and under the conditions specified in the contract, the customer gives a task, and the Contractor undertakes the duties in accordance with the customer's task to provide the following services to the latter for a fee (hereinafter referred to as "services"): a) registration of an account in the Yandex system and /or "Google" (if necessary); b) adjustment of late advertisements in the "Yandex Direct" and/or "Google Adwords™" system. Preliminary adjustment is performed based on the data received from the Customer and on the basis of website information. The Contractor receives additional requests from the "Yandex Direct" and/or "Google Adwords" system. Setting up transitions from "Yandex Direct" and/or "Google Adwords" to the internal pages of the site or pages with an address and phone number corresponding to the topic of search queries; c) according to a separate agreement with the Customer, compose the texts of the announcements; d) transfer of access passwords to configured "Yandex Direct" and/or "Google Adwords" advertising. 1.2. on behalf of the Customer, the Contractor may provide other services. 2. RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES 2.1. Rights and obligations of the Customer. 2.1.1. The customer is obliged to provide the executor with the information necessary for the executor to fulfill his obligations under the contract. To set up contextual advertising "Yandex Direct" and/or "Google Adwords, the Customer provides the Contractor with the following information: • region of contextual advertising display; address of the site to which the transition is configured: time of advertisement display; • display format: "with a link to the site", " 3 by address and phone", "with a link to the site, address and phone: • wishes for the initial adjustment of the cost of transfers; • the address of the pages of the Customer's website to which transitions are configured; budget wishes (set up displays for all possible requests or set up displays for low-frequency requests to save the budget) 2.1.2. The Customer is obliged to pay the Contractor's services in full and on time. 2.1.3. If there are no objections, sign the ACTS of Services Provided and return one copy to the Contractor. 2.1.4. Monitor the progress of service provision. 2.2. Rights and obligations of the Executor: 2.2.1. The Contractor guarantees the quality and timeliness of the provision of services for setting up and supporting the Customer's advertising campaigns of contextual advertising "Yandex Direct"