E707 PE75/20428/1/P1 LALUCELL Niystic Lign... | PE-1.5 LaRussell Mystic Light Cica Refreshing Hydrogel Mask Completed skin irritation test. Clinically completed mesh pocket hydrogel mask that soothes sensitive skin without all the adverse adhesives that soothes sensitive skin by hydrating cica formula E. Beam for sterilization of medical devices Safe clean care through scientific electron beam irradiation using NE Mesh Pocket™ Essence-filled mesh pocket hydrogel sheet provides moisture soothing cooling V plant-derived complex extract Tarax II TM Patent: 10-1376202 ELASOME™ Liposome Technology patent: 10-1796822 Centella Asiatica Highly moisturizing formula containing centella asiatica extract that provides comfort to skin sensitive to irritation and stress Usage/Capacity Take out this product and attach it to the skin for about 30 to 40 minutes, then remove. Capacity 30g/1.05 oz×5ea How to use 1) Moisten a cotton pad with toner and prepare the skin texture, then open the pouch, hold the support and take out the contents. 2) Remove the transparent diamond pattern film from the upper and lower sheets, attach it to the face, and then remove the white film. 3) Apply evenly according to the shape of the face. 4) After 30 to 40 minutes, remove the sheet and finish with moist skin. Cosmetics manufacturer Soft Materials Co., Ltd. 47, Maengdongsandan-ro, Maengdong-myeon, Eumseong-gun, Chungcheongbuk-do All ingredients Purified water, glycerin, butylene glycol, western dandelion leaf extract, barley extract, carrageenan, carob gum, algin, 1,2-hexanediol , Centella asiatica extract, niacinamide, panthenol, dextrin, green tea extract, knotweed root extract, golden extract, Spanish licorice root extract, adenosine, matricaria flower extract, rosemary leaf extract, white rice flower extract, banana flower extract, damask rose flower water , Disodium EDTA, Pear Extract, Plum Extract, Melon Extract, Polyglutamic Acid, Pine Leaf/Stem Extract, Beta-Glucan Separate labeling for manufacturing number and expiration date Precautions for Use 1) Cosmetic Use Consult with a specialist if there are any abnormal symptoms or side effects such as red spots, swelling, or itching in the area of ​​use when exposed to direct sunlight during or after use. 2) Refrain from using the product in areas with scars, etc. Precautions A) Keep out of reach of children B) Store away from direct sunlight 4) Avoid eye area 5) Use immediately after opening 6) Use if you are irritated by bandages or compresses DIRECTIONS 1) After face wash, prepare skin with LALUCELL toner. 2) Open the pouch, separate top and bottom halves. 3) Remove film and evenly apply either side of the hydrogel according to face shape. 4) Apply mask for 30 - 40 minutes and discard. INGREDIENTS Mesh pockets hydrogel sheet without harmful cross-linking agents Electron beam irradiation creates mesh pockets containing active ingredients Water (Aqua), Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Taraxacum Officinale (Dandelion) Leaf Extract, Hordeum Vulgare Extract, Carrageenan, Ceratonia Siliqua (Carob) Gum, Algin , 1,2-Hexanediol, Centella Asiatica Extract, Niacinamide, Panthenol, Dextrin, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Polygonum Cuspidatum Root Extract, Scutellaria Baicalensis Root Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Adenosine, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Vincetoxicum Atratum Extract, Musa Sapientum (Banana) Flower Extract, Rosa Damascena Flower Water, Disodium EDTA, Pyrus Communis (Pear) Fruit Extract, Prunus Domestica Fruit Extract, Cucumis Melo (Melon) Fruit Extract, Polyglutamic Acid, Hedera Helix (Ivy) Leaf/Stem Extract, Beta-Glucan Tarax || TM Efficient skin soothing with dandelion and barley mixture extract, a patented ingredient developed by Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute. CAUTIONS For external use only. Keep out of reach of children. Do not use on wounds, eczema or dermatitis. If you develop rash, itchiness or irritation, discontinue to use. Keep in a cool and dry place. Avoid contact with eyes. If there is something wrong with this product, we will compensate you according to the Consumer Dispute Resolution Standards notified by the Fair Trade Commission. Consumer Counseling Office 031-5180-3636 Cosmetics Responsible Distributor Biocos Co., Ltd. 756, 7th Floor, Da-dong, 135, Hanang-ro, Misagangyeon, Hanam-si, Gyeonggi-do (Mangwol-dong, Knowledge Industry Center) BIOCOS, INC. DA-756 Misagangbyun-hangangro 135, Hanam-si, Gyeonggi-do www.lalucell.com MADE IN KOREA LOT 61-20220628-1 MFD 20220628 Manufacturing EXP Application of ELASOME™ patented technology until 2024-06-27 LALUCELL will find a safer and Healthy beauty with you, complete your beauty life without stopping. 8 809990 110308